today we talk about slow travel or yes
could also be defined as a race
aerobics because it must be developed
of low intensities of low speeds
this wanting to make a reference
cardiac means staying on the 130 140
beats per minute but giving reference
a little bit wider because then
obviously the frequencies fluctuate from
subject to subject
I would say that under 150 you can
consider that a race takes place
aerobics a slow run
this data is very important and often
is underestimated by the runner because i
most tend to run a race
so called slow but in fact slow not
it's never too fast to give an example
we can talk about marathon runners
comes to my mind going back to the past
gelindo bordin who ran the marathon
301 per km and slow on some of his
training programs then published
it was clear that he ran it around 347
about 45 seconds above the marathon rhythm
now I wonder why so many runners
actually the slow run at the pace
marathon as if to say bordin knows this
run the slow at 3 km this is the
question that I sometimes ask and from this yes
should understand that even the amateur who
runs the marathon in 3 hours and 30 that is 5
at km as never before, then the 5-inch lenses run
kilometer and do not happen then
improvements but it is obvious why it is a
runner who always runs at speed
medium-high and never stages the stage
pure aerobics then what the
main mechanism for running the
marathon and then meets the
failure and the problem after that is not that
when it goes into crisis
at the thirty-fifth to the thirty-seventh e
he believes that machines km kilometers do not
is missing is that it has burned much more
much more fuel energy in the first
run phase because the is not used to the
body to consume little gasoline
this is
the most important phase then the race
Aerobics Slow running is very useful
like a repeated training because
educates the body and muscle fiber a a
consume in the right way that is a
optimize consumption therefore by one
part of the training must improve the
speed speeds up the pace and must
improve but at the same time useless
have more gasoline available
if then in the unity of time it is done
burn in little then you have one
machine a powerful engine but at the time
same economic and this and must
always remember it and to optimize the
heritage and robicheaux is precisely the
slow travel that serves this
therefore closing I would say that it is necessary
use this medium
if a heart rate monitor is valid
under 150 beats per minute
if instead reference is made to
a running pace
you have to run it around 45 50 seconds in
some cases that a beginner even a
minute above or slower
I respect the money or no rhythm at all
a simple rhythm of a 10 race
km